{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Calibri;}}
\fs24
\b Half-Step India Work Log\b0\par
\par
\b Project Folder:\b0 C:\\Users\\mrdhr\\Projects\\hack2skill\par
\b Last Updated:\b0 13 April 2026\par
\par
\b Work Already Completed\b0\par
- Reviewed the implementation against the requirement documents and confirmed the project is on the correct product track.\par
- Fixed the Prisma 7 runtime setup so the app uses the supported Postgres adapter pattern.\par
- Updated the reporting flow to store score, notes, photo URL, latitude, and longitude.\par
- Fixed the login demo credential mismatch.\par
- Improved the seed script structure and added district metrics seed data.\par
- Marked database-backed pages as dynamic so production build does not fail during page data collection.\par
- Verified that lint passes and production build passes.\par
- Verified that Prisma client generation passes.\par
\par
\b Current Status Checklist\b0\par
[x] Confirm product direction against requirement documents\par
[x] Fix build-breaking Prisma and app issues\par
[x] Make reporting fields closer to MVP database requirements\par
[x] Verify lint and production build\par
[x] Detect available local PostgreSQL runtime\par
[ ] Start or install PostgreSQL locally if missing\par
[ ] Run Prisma migration against the live database\par
[ ] Run seed script against the live database\par
[ ] Final verification of app + database readiness\par
\par
\b Notes\b0\par
- Current remaining blocker is not the codebase. The local Postgres server is not reachable on localhost:5432.\par
- Checked for Docker, psql, postgres command, existing PostgreSQL installation, winget, and Scoop. None were available for immediate use.\par
- Attempted PostgreSQL installation through Chocolatey, but machine-level installation requires an Administrator shell. This session cannot complete that install without admin privileges.\par
- Next action required on the machine: start an existing PostgreSQL server or install PostgreSQL as Administrator, then run migration and seed.\par
}
